So now you see that conjunction or treat an object.
And also this object simply has is iterator symbol to make it iterable and assign the.
But first or create a function generator.
This generator should yield one like this and then two.
Now here I'm assigning this generator without parentheses I'm not executing it I just assigned a reference
to this function.
Remember this will return me an iterator is that which is exactly what I need here and then I can loop
through my object.
I print out the individual elements.
Now what do you think we'll see if and now Heidrun.
Well you see one and two.
Now we're using a generator and you iterate or it will return us to loop through our object to your
to kind of outsource this for one.
And second with this you keyword.
It's much easier for us to manage state.
And also imagine the possibilities just offer us for you.
Because with our generator we might also do some let's say asynchronous task and yield those results
step by step like fetching something from a server or anything like that.
So we watch as you get those results.
And with our iterator we could then use them and take advantage of that step by step approach instead
of having a son function which runs from start to finish.
Right at that time of course we still have to use you for loop.
We can also just extract the iterator from our optic here or since this is just our generator I can
do that.
And I also if I get rid of this I can also pass an argument to a generator of course.
So I could pass 10 claim at end here and end here all then create the logic to loop through with a normal
for loop by as long as is a smaller than and incremented each time.
And that simply yield.
I would.
I can of course simply print out it next and I'll set this to 2 so that we get to the end faster and
I'll print these for time.
Now what do you think we'll see if I had run.
We get our objects with 0 1 and then it's already done because we're only looping as long as I'm smaller
than and so only two times.
And then we get undefined twice.
So this is how you pass arguments to iterators of course.
Now very important aspect which allows you to write truly dynamic generators and jantan iterators with
them as they retour and dad.
Q We have some well dynamic data going on you're defining how long this generator should yield values
or when it should use values and so on.